# 🧅 IWG Call Minutes

Meeting held on Zoom, on September 17th, 2020, at 12:00 US Eastern.

In attendance:

* Ricardo Signes
* Bryan Horstmann-Allen
* Dave Rolsky
* Karen Etheridge
* Olaf Alders

## Proceedings

### Rules of Operation

Reviewed.  Initial draft was revised to clarify the reason for the scheduled
meeting and to loosen the scheduling and format requirements.  The rules were
adopted by unanimous vote.

## Rubric for Infrastructurization

The question was:  what things are suitable for operation by the IWG, and what
rules must be followed by projects that get run by the IWG.

There are two categories of projects run by IWG:

* software and services beign used for the direct benefit of TPF
* software and services being used for the benefit of the Perl and Raku
  communities

Unedited notes from this segment:

* possible criteria:
  * minimum value to “perl world” for us to adopt
    * target user count? general activity level?
  * maximum hassle level
  * anything we take on, we have full(???) ownership of how it’s deployed
  * what will we support
      * “My system is Hadoop and Plan 9!”
      * we have a list of officially supported services/OS’s/etc and after that it’s “we’ll decide case by case”
  * what are the roles required to be filled to operate service
    * IWG will take on some by default, but not others
    * roles we take on:
      * sysadmin is implicit
      * minimum software maintenance: we will make an organized plea for fixes
    * roles we don’t:
      * content moderator
      * feature developer
      * documentation writer
      * “we’re not a development shop”
  * run on a domain owned by TPF
  * code must be in github
      * open question: does the repo need to be under the tpf org?
      * do we need another org, like tpf-iwg?  yes, is possible, if only to keep tpf org itself clean of cruft

* → what if we can have docs that tell you how to stand up things we managed
* → have a landing page for “this service is down because abandoned”
* → how does python (or other projects) handle this?

# Specific Hosting Questions

We agreed that we want to have one standard service for things, to keep things
simple.  Ricardo said, "We want something that provides the services we need,
and preferably that will provide them gratis."

Dave suggestion we investigate Azure and GCP first.

Bryan also suggsted DigitalOcean.  Rik added Linode to the list, and noted that
we already have some hosting options provided by Pair.

# Other Business

Rik said he would be switching the IWG mailing list to public archives.

Shawn "hide" Sorichetti was added to the group by unanimous vote.  (We elected
to waive the secret ballot, treating this part of initial formation.)

We reviewed the state of the GitHub projects in the IWG repo and Rik said he
would dole them out.  No one had any special requests.
